Add invoices plugin migration guide to the app (#880)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/app-store/apps/invoices.mdx

Apart from common env variables, the Invoice app accepts the following:

- `TEMP_PDF_STORAGE_DIR=` - a temp directory where the PDF files will be stored. In Vercel, set `/tmp`. Add it to `.gitignore`

## Migration from the _Invoicing_ plugin

> The invoices app covers the functionality of the plugin. In the future, plugins will be deprecated and replaced by apps. To migrate from plugin to app, follow the steps below:

Reviewer: **suggestion (non-blocking)**:
link to the plugin docs

Author: There is no docs for this plugin

> The invoices app covers the functionality of the plugin. In the future, plugins will be deprecated and replaced by apps. To migrate from plugin to app, follow the steps below:

Reviewer: **polish:**

```suggestion
The Invoices App covers the functionality of the plugin. In the future, plugins will be deprecated and replaced by apps. To migrate from plugin to app, follow the steps below:
```

1. Install the Invoices App from the App Store (Dashboard -> Apps).
2. Open the installed App.
3. Verify the default shop billing address. It will be fetched from [Shop Settings](<(../../../api-storefront/miscellaneous/objects/shop)>).
4. Verify per-channel shop address settings. It will use the default one but can be overridden.
5. Open a test order in the Dashboard.
6. Click the "Generate" button in the "Invoices" section.

> 7. Wait for two PDF files should be generated - one from the plugin and the second from the app. You may need to refresh the page.

Reviewer: **polish:**

```suggestion
7. Wait for two PDF files to generate: one from the plugin and the second from the app. You may need to refresh the page.
```
